how's your training going it's going all
right hard up there you go on the 14th
of December there's going to be some
fireworks that's going to take place in
uh commentry I'm going to me my
professional MMA debut so make sure that
you book the pay-per-view tickets cuz
you watch this on pay-per-view 20% 1/5
of the earnings will go to charity we go
to the Lebanese crisis we know what's
going on there and so we inallah raise
money and be entertained at the same
time I'm the kind of guy thank you for
the speech earlier too I know all that
was for me so yes over you I felt you
picking on me a little bit B all I I
took
[Music]
it um I just want in a very very brief
manner to do to tell you guys the
Islamic world view in three minutes five
minutes and think is only incumbent upon
us for us to
explain the Islamic worldview because
thing
is there is a question that people may
ask and it's one of the most if not the
most fundamental question that a human
being can ask which is what is the
purpose of
life this is the most fundamental
question a human being can ask in the
course of his or her life what is the
purpose of life
now many different people can give
subjective answers to this question
someone who's very much invested in
money or for example other people who
are obsessed fully with
sports could answer in the sense that
say well the purpose of life is me to be
the rest version of this or version
that's a subjective answer that's not
the question the question is is there a
purpose of life an objective purpose of
Life by which and through which all
human beings have been
commissioned to
follow now there's only one or two ways
you can look at this either there is a
purpose of life which is objective or
there isn't and if there isn't then
whatever we're doing here is temporary
and when we go in the grave it will just
be a rearrangement of atoms and we
adjust carbon and we are just atoms and
when we disintegrate into the Earth we
will become with the
Earth and that's it there's nothing to
it this is the conclusion of that world
view the other way of thinking about it
is no there is a purpose of life but if
there's a purpose of life where did it
come
from well it couldn't have come from
nothing the universe itself couldn't
have come come from nothing and the
universe itself couldn't have created
itself because the universe creating
itself is like a mother giving birth to
herself it would have to exist and not
exist at the same
time so the best answer to the question
of why we are here is that there is a
universe that was created by a creator
that was
uncreated and that that creator has
knowledge has
power the creator has knowledge and it
has power and it has given purpose to
the human
being and the purpose is to
submit to that Creator submit to one
God because the Creator is
God someone will argue isn't that what
Jews and Christians say What's the
difference between Islam and
Christianity for
example the answer is that the biggest
difference between Islam and
Christianity is that Muslims do not
believe that the person of Jesus Christ
was God this is the biggest
difference or that he
was a person of the
Trinity or that he was the son of God
what Muslims affirm about Jesus Christ
was that he was the
Messiah was that he was a prophets sent
by God as the book of Acts says in the
Bible a man sent from Gods from God with
wonders and miracles and signs which God
did through
him and so the biggest difference
between Islam and
Christianity is that Islam believes that
Jesus Christ cannot have been a God that
it's not conceivable it's not possible
and it's not intelligible for any human
being with a day of birth to be labeled
as
God and that
instead that anyone with those qualities
must be human and
limited Muslims like Christians and Jews
believe in Abraham believe in Moses
believe in all of those New Testament
prophets and the question the Quran asks
or the statement it makes is that
Abraham wasn't a Jew or a
Christian and in fact he couldn't have
followed Muhammad because Muhammad
didn't exist at the time but he himself
was a submitter to one God he wasn't
telling Abraham wasn't telling people to
believe in the Trinity Moses wasn't
telling people to believe in the
Trinity not even in the Bible does it
say that by the way go and find the
verse in the Bible where it says Moses
said believe in Jesus as God of Moses
said that the Trinity exists you will
not find such a
verse and so Islam is a
continuation of what Jesus came with and
we think that what Jesus came with and
we have evidence to show is that to
believe in one God and worship in one
God but that message was tainted like
the Sheikh
mentioned and it was changed and there's
decisive evidence to show historical
evidence that Christian it is a changed
religion there's no question about
it and so Islam came to renew the
original message of Jesus
Christ this is what Islam came to
do so if being a Christian is to follow
Jesus then every Muslim in a sense
should follow Jesus and should be a
Christian in that
sense but what we're saying is follow
Christ by believing in one God this is
the main
purpose of life and I just wanted to put
that forward to let people know what the
Islamic world view
is because we believe that there's the
Old Testament there's the New Testament
and then there's the final testament
which is the Quran Subhan Allah and that
this Quran which is the final Testament
has no errors or inconsistencies inside
of
it and that if you follow this you will
be at peace you will have no depression
and you will you will be at your purpose
in this life you will have an objective
anchored solidified proper purpose of
life otherwise believe me nothing you
can do will ever fill the void of that
purpose this is the Islamic World VI now
we're going to start talking about
martial arts and and
boxing but I just thought it would be
appropriate and proper for us to start
like that well first of all it's a
privilege uh privileged onor for me to
have this conversation with you I been
watching your fights for a very very
long time and a legend that people speak
about person who's obviously moved um
wait the classes and one for James to he
done incredible things in the
sport this is a question I mean what got
you into boxing in the first place uh
first of all I'll say Salam alikum to
everybody out there
Salam um I'm the kind of guy I thank you
for the speech earlier too I know all
that was for me so
I felt you picking on me a little bit
they all I I took it I took it I'm cool
with that you know but thank you I
appreciate usually you dodge the punches
yeah I use the D dodg what you was
saying defensive style I couldn't get
away from those they were pretty good
but yeah so anyway uh what got me into
boxing I was probably different than
most people because I started boxing
after watching Muhammad Ali fight I
think about
1974 my father was a boxer but I didn't
know it at that time I didn't find out
until I got about 13 years old that my
my father was a foxer but that explained
me later why he was so infatuated with
watching Muhammad Ali when I saw my
father watching Muhammad Ali I think it
might have been a Joe Frasier fight and
I was watching M Ali fight but I was
seeing the mental part more so than
anything because since I was about three
years old I probably was the worst
agitator in my family you understand me
so I always got in trouble for
activating people when I saw him
aggravating Joe Frasier and beating him
I was like wait a minute I can do that
because I can get on anybody's nerves
and I'm never gonna get mad so was you
said the mental thing can you tell us a
little bit more about what you mean by
that the mental thing was in boxing for
me I watch Muhammad Ali make you think a
certain way make you want to kill him
yes and the more you try to kill him the
more happier he
is so he can see everything you're doing
now because he's pissed you off to a
point that you're showing all your
weapons because you want to kill it so
it's a psychological game that's exactly
it live and you thought you were
manipulator so you might go get into the
ring and and try your manipulation
tactics in the ring I knew I was pretty
good at pissing people off too so if I
can do that I know I'm not going to get
mad I can do the same thing he doing so
he became my aspiration and my idol
right away how did you develop that
style cuz you had a very kind of like
well-known defensive style moving and
and these kind of things is did that
come naturally to you did someone teach
you that or how did you develop it I was
taught a lot M but as we all say what
God got for you he's going to prepare
you for so I grew up on a farm squirrel
hunting rabbit hunting deer hunting
raising dogs raising chickens raising
pigs had a few cows a few horses all
those things are what I call nature yeah
if God created nature the same God that
created us then there's a lot of lessons
to be learned in nature forget what
people say nobody can go out there and
light this Sky up right now yeah when
that Sky Sun comes tomorrow when that
sky like tomorrow no man can go out
there and turn that light down only God
can do that well only God could have
created these animals the way he created
them so I learned to love the roosters
because they fought yeah and they fall
to the death m i was fascinated by it
you understand me so being so fascinated
I started want to know what made one
rooster more Superior than the next
that's a very interesting question you
feel me very interesting yeah
so I figured out the one that does the
most
fainting keep you actually learn from
the animals then I had to wow I had to
so by learning that it taught me or gave
me really a good foundation as to what I
wanted to be and how I wanted to carry
myself in the ring so a lot of people
think I do things just to show out no I
don't everything I do has a manipulation
when you go in there do you think okay
cuz a lot of it is not just fainting but
it's shoing do you do you think I'm
going to showbo in the third round to do
this do you calculate that or does it
just is it
instinct no I don't calculate it you
know it's like it's something about it
that when God puts it on my heart I
trust God so much that I try it wow and
there's never been another person to do
the things that I did because I don't
think they had
that trust in it to try it like that I
had such a great Foundation that I feel
like I had to try anything so in a fight
when I was fighting Glen Kelly I had hit
him with so many calap punches that he
would punch I got against the ropes and
I got in inclination some said put your
hands behind your back he'll punch in I
put my hand behind his deck left right
left he punched bow get him out of there
mhm okay let ask you a question now
these are controversial questions I
think you can handle them let's start
with who you think the greatest of old
time fires are any know who I think the
greatest figh of all times the greatest
athlete of all time always in my book is
going to be mam
[Applause]
Elite they where I think is what I know
when I hear sorry to say but when I hear
Floyd Mayweather speak about it he's
usually carrying some kind of a grudge I
think he's usually not happy about
saying that he never puts Muhammad Ali
in his top five well what do you think
the reason for that is you seem
psychologically FLW on I don't want to
be a hater yeah you go so some people
live for different reasons like you said
some people live therefore respect
different things in life some people
more materialistic or like that than
others Ali had a heart of goat you
understand me I loveed Ali because of
the heart he had he fought for the weak
he stood up for those that were disabled
or those that couldn't was as beneficial
as others he fought for all good for all
people and he tried to keep everybody
unified at the same time when he died
you saw people from every religion every
race come to his funeral why how many
other people have we seen that happen
yeah not minute you understand me so
even the day he left here he still was
even Legacy in a sense he transcended
the sport completely didn't he C icon
now is he they took his bit years away
from him yeah and he's still the
greatest of all times with that te
yeah I mean why what's a really
interesting read I'm not sure if you've
ever read it but it's a really good book
if you get the time you should read it
is the autobiography of Malcolm X if you
get the if you get the chance and in
particular the last couple of chapters
he talks about the
pilgrimage and one really interesting
thing that he says is that when he goes
to the pilgrimage Malcolm X goes to the
pilgrimage and they knew that he was
Muhammad Ali's friend everybody would
greet him and they would love him so
even at that time it wasn't just like
the African American community in
America or even the westerners the
entire Muslim world was behind this man
Muhammad Ali and it was interesting how
he describe that because it's a really
interesting read anyway Malcolm X he it
shows the the placement of Muhammad Ali
in terms of world history it's a it's a
massive placement so you put Muhammad
Ali there who who else would you put
there in the top five in a top five
yeah
um you know what I don't want to say
that I don't know I don't I don't know
if that's fair on that but I appreciate
it so he said number two he's said
number two so yeah we'll go with
that give me another one you know man um
I thought the world of Shar Robinson and
Shar Leonard yeah they were two one of
they were two of can so I put them two
together okay um I got to
say Roberto Duran and people don't
understand why I say Roberto Duran but
this how you got to look at it they got
thing called the Four Kings right Marvin
heer start out as a middleweight sugar
and Tern start out as welterweights dur
start out as a lightweight and he won of
the Four Kings what that tell
you huh gotta be a bad dude
last but not least is my favorite
Mexican savador Sanchez really
yeah and we not say Sor Sanchez a lot of
these young guys up here may not know
this but we talked about how Canelo was
too young to prob sugar uh fight Floyd
at 21 years old
right uh savador Sanchez defended his
title nine times at 21 years old the WBC
World title he died at 22 well would you
eventually FL where would you put him in
the rankings May where would you put him
in
[Laughter]
who all right let me ask you a question
if you don't yeah if you don't if you
don't respect Muhammad how can I respect
you it's a good point it's a good point
we we by the way we don't like Floyd for
other reasons now as well I mean he he's
been shaking to the devil I mean I ain't
saying liking me cool I mean I everybody
everybody's entitled to do their own
thing and what he did was brilliant he
was smart by what he did but to tell me
that you don't think Muhammad Ali is the
greatest of all time yeah you may well
be spit in my face he doesn't even put
him in the top five you may as well spit
in my face
mhm um give me your top best three fight
boxing fights of all time three boxing
fights Yeah you mentioned Hagler and hn
so I was thinking that's usually put up
there that that that's definitely one of
them yeah but
um two more fights that I loved one
was Ron L versus George
for okay I think with about six or seven
knockdowns really George epically
winning the fight but that was a hell of
a fight uh the other one I will put up
there is uh we because from Old School
Larry Holmes Ken Norton okay if you ever
get a chance go watch that watch that
one that's what made me start liking lar
hor cuz I didn't like him because Al but
when he beat Ken Norton I got a little
bit more respect for her okay let me ask
you is this working yeah a controversial
another controversial question right um
recently Jake Paul fought Mike Tyson and
gimmick
fine now a lot of people have been
saying this is a you know is a staged
fight it's fixed I mean um if you look
at the comments and a lot of the social
media platforms that's what they're
saying a lot of I think the majority
comments is that this thing is fixed now
you fought Tyson I don't know was it
four years ago around five years ago or
something um what is your opinion on
this do you think it was fixed or do you
think that maybe he told them look we're
just going to do a little sparring thing
don't go too hard or you know what do
you think happened in the situation
first things first for Mike Tyson to be
58 years old yeah and to do anything and
walk away with $20 million is out of
this world right the reason he was able
to do that is because of the hype and
the social media around Jake Paul so Jak
Paul actually gave him a gift a blessing
that he wouldn't have got from anybody
else at that age so I can't say nothing
bad about Mike yeah because at 58 who
else going to make that kind of money
but what do you think happened though I
me it looked like it might have been a
little bit of a understanding I don't
know no but just it was a fully fledged
understand he was after me a whole lot
harder than he was after J
Paul and he didn't make quite that much
money so he was at my neck you
understand me I mean he even took the
glove
and ran the laces up my face one time
pissed me off well you luy didn't buy
those gloves and buy your ear as well
that's why when the guy told me he bites
the gloves all the time I said I just
did eight round with him four years ago
I don't remember him biting a glove at
all cuz if he bu if he' had bu a glove I
start hold of my ears so do you reckon
he was do you reckon he was biting that
glove because he was so frustrated that
he couldn't do what he wanted to do that
seemed kind of like what it was like he
was biting that glove out out of pure
frustration maybe he's like a to me
Mike's like a pit boy right you let a
pit boy he can play with other pit boy
cuz a fight going to break out but a pit
boy don't know how to play well when he
starts playing because of a fight a real
fight gonna break out they just don't
know how to do it but you say it was an
understanding do you reckon it was a
fully fledged like WWE style
understanding you know this you take the
full in or you know what I mean I can't
I can't really say because I don't know
um and I I if I knew that I would tell
you I don't know that so I really don't
know what it what it really was but how
it go
tell Jake Paul don't call me cuz he
would knock me
out for real cuz you don't knock me out
I'm knocking you out so don't call Roar
cuz Roar ain't playing you ain't playing
no games at
all all right well job I mean it was a
pleasure talking to you and I think
everybody here I mean already your your
energy is exudating everyone here can
feel your energy and would love to
welcome you to the Islamic family that's
that's something that we talk about app
something but thank you so much for
talking to me about this and and sharing
these very important experiences and for
me it also is an honor and a pleasure to
be off stage with all these other world
pleas pleas thank you all for all coming
up doing what y'all doing keep the head
up stay strong stay smart do what he
just said try to be the best that you
can
be and now last but not least but we'll
get the uh the mic on your
first Alum brother how are
you I'm not bad everything good how you
like you know the United
Kingdom finally is this the first time
you come here
here luten Lon yeah but you've come to
UK many times yes in London I had five
there oh yes oh yeah that's right yeah
that's you know I will I try to tell you
long stories about my career my boxing
career and for the wife but I have some
problem but my English is little we
understand your English now we
understand fully and I have a if you ask
me three questions that's it okay yeah
yeah yeah we'll try and make it as you
know quickly as possible but your your
English is very good very fantastic we
we understand especially because because
now there's many people coming from
these caucuses region like khabib and
you know Hamza so we understand the
accent fully now it's
like it's it's a good one I was I was
going to ask yeah too busy with boxing
and then don't have time to learn
English no no but you're you're
definitely good at English I was going
to ask you um obviously you're Chan uh
by nationality you're from origin have
you done any wrestling before anything
like that yeah I'm starting Wrestling
Boxing both at the same time the same
time but I say in boxing like so you can
you can wrestle as well no
no no it's because almost all the Dagan
and the ches I've met have some
wrestling experience there's something
they do we we we not do testing we don't
no no no
today that's so that's um your amateur
record doesn't appear on some of the
things you like you amateur fights
fights did you do like before became
Prof
you amateur yes how many fights do you
have almost 300 really oh my God it's
too long you know I'm 30 years in books
so wow because here in the UK like
amateur Fighters correct me if I'm wrong
like maximum 20 30 is a good number for
because they are they are W boxes
andless
duples but 300 that's maybe what does I
mean like twice a week something what
you do uh I don't know I remember you
know this but one of the one of the
fights you had with was with Alexander
usek you had I think you fought him what
two two times or three three three times
and 81 kilo category and 91 kilo two
times let me ask you question in the
future would you ever think of fighting
Alexander usk and going up to the
heavyweight
division no wa no
but it wa that I can make criser but not
heav heav is too much you know I I'll be
too busy to eating you know eating all
the time and I need to train to toep we
can help you with this training camp
brother we have all the food here in in
the
luten um but it was I think your style
was very tricky for him if people watch
that fight people will see it's very
tricky for him maybe even if you did it
it would be a great test for him if you
did fight usyk let's be honest let's
like cruiserweight let's say he goes
down and you go up a little bit how you
think that fight will go we can ask
c
h because you know I'm I'm not I'm not
that boxer like like Roy Jones like
these guys like uh because I'm not fan
of boxing and I don't know why what I do
in boxing but I just do training like no
I'm you don't watch it I'm not yeah no
really no I don't watch Boxing like
so what I I like use this boxing like my
job you know ah but when you want to
improve your boxing do you not watch
particular boxes that no I'm when I have
fight and we we're learning for we're
watching some videos like who who do you
who do you watch which which people you
when I have fight yeah when I have fight
we're watching him the other person yeah
not person the fight the opponent yeah
opponent what's about like would you
ever look at another fighter you said
many interviews before like Muhammad Ali
for example so you've watched him fight
you not not I'm not I'm not there I'm
not fun on boxing that's really really
very interesting no I know Muhammad Ali
watch him couple fights like his fights
like you know but not like I don't
remember where they fight what who they
fight and know they are know we ask them
they know that wow you're not into like
the trivia this all the stuff but you're
just into the fighting itself yeah and
like my job like you do your job now my
job excuse me sir he is for Russ from
Russia but you represented Russia and
Canada before isn't it but now only
Russia no now I I represent both both
Russian can but most of your life you
spent it in in Russia or in Canada or
half off P yes F all yes we'll see we'll
see what happen okay okay there's been
some discussion but I saw it on social
media with you and Jake
Paul so it's
a I mean this is uh I what do you want
to achieve from this you know my person
muhamed is my favorite boxes even I'm
not fun of boxing I mean uh and like J
Paul beating I think is not real I don't
know but and it's my first reaction do
you think do you think it's fake it's
staged I don't know I mean is my first
reaction I want to pay him back you know
like show him something for boxing to
try maybe you want to fight him and that
I just you offer him like if you want
the real boxing we can do that's say
show yeah do you think you would accept
your child I think because let's be
honest let's be H I think this man he's
taking steroids okay I think he is
taking St so if you want to fight him
you have to put you can take steroids
you have to put this in the contract but
they did yeah and maybe also he has to
have like baseball bat as well as well
to make it fair I I will bring
that no but honestly like if you did
fight him and it was a real fight I
think the fight will be finished in two
rounds maximum and that's giving him a
lot of credit one round really well we
don't know what we know what happened
with Mike Tyson and Jack po but
I tell you like Ro joh beting like maybe
two round Max yes one round actually
maybe one around finish him um do you
think he's a good do you think he's a
good boxer though do you think he's got
potential or do you think he's a not
good yeah he's okay yeah so long as he
he's good like he my
test what is the future for you so now
you've you've become the unified light
heavyweight champion which is
congratulations Undisputed Undisputed
everybody please
every it was a phenomenal achievement um
obviously it was a close fight it was
something that people spoke about and
everybody I saw Eddie Hearn came out and
he had his comments straight away and
stuff like that but you know Eddie Hearn
I mean he knows him better as well but
but but you know first of all you are
you going to rematch
bivol they want to do this much you're
going to they want to do the match this
an announced there's not has it just
been announced is the announcement I
don't know he yeah so look he's a bigger
fan than you are because he knows before
you even it's been announced just now is
it oh it's been announced just now that
the bbil uh bet bf2 is going to the
rematch after this fight inshallah when
you beat him again even more decisively
so there's nobody say anything is there
who else you want to take
on you know I'm 40 of yes maybe I don't
know but Roy Jones was was uh how old
were you 42 is it when you when you came
back to
boxing yeah so I mean has been there
with George have rest before you know
you take rest and I'll pick him about
box I I need to rest like know 30 years
boxing but but it's joke I don't want to
rest now no resting there's no time for
rest now we have to do it but if you if
you could fight somebody who would you
who would be your dream opponent clearly
apart from Jake Paul in beginning I was
conversation I tell you I'm not fun of
boxing and I'm not dreaming about about
boxing yes what's about Tyson Fury there
a very let's imagine let's imagine that
there was big money on the table
something huge thing happened and you
say listen better be have we know we
know this is the guy that's going to
beat Tyson Fury I mean usyk beat him
you've got a style I'm not going to say
similar to usyk but definitely tricky
for someone like Tyson Fury what would
you think would happen in a fight
between you and fury let's imagine
we can mind
you you know it's like if I do like
these things like Imaging like I want to
fight what him or what him what him I
don't have time to do my job like on my
training yes yes well thank you very
very much I think to everybody on the on
the panel it's been a pleasure and an
honor to interview all of you one last
question I'm going to ask you before we
end give me a rundown of your daily
routine daily routine yeah what you do
in the morning like how you eat how you
go to training how many time you go to
training just tell us what you do on a
early day basis two times per day yeah I
do training morning what time 7 at 7
7:00 in the morning 7 to 9 yeah and uh 3
to 8 3 to 5 okay so like 4 hours a day 4
hours but it's minimum and after
training I always stay there like like
hour it's more little and do you do like
running or do you not do any running
there is like I have condition coach I
have per week we have running and uh
like different different things or like
circuit and stuff like that and jumping
up and down going up these kind things
and he says two times a day every day no
but Sunday is like rest yeah rest and
what do you do for Recovery you go into
like the ice bath you like this stuff
like the ice bath or anything like that
you massage or I try ice B but I would
like more SAA SAA yeah yeah because ice
bath is very uncomfortable no it's
like but it's good too but I more
prefer yeah and how do you eat what kind
of food do you have like every
day everything you know yeah like I
don't know you know um for example I can
eat if I have uh camp I have I like for
example I have um main training is triop
pop and for once I eat one month to two
months spaghetti with some milk the same
food every single day you get up bored
something like that it's okay yeah you
have some sauce with it nothing but
spaghetti is like good for you know for
energy cardio stuff you take any this
cars like know um um do you take any
supplements of course which one you take
not the same one like Jake Paul because
that's a different
thing I don't know who who take is
is take you know it's good good good a
good question because I take supplements
or vitamins like you know since when I
was young kid because I'm like I don't
know I'm really my mom is nurse and she
always she always give me some some
vitamins and do you know do you know
what you're taking like vitamin C
vitamin D and then since that time I'm
always like following these things and I
think it's good like it's good yeah it's
good for um kill and when you grow it up
like you know if you have these things
some people that say if you eat be truit
Beach you know like the beetro the red
one it makes your cardio better ah yeah
there's some some evidence you they tell
you li as well liver I eat liver always
not liver yeah I hope my wife she's
listening she will get this liver and on
she will get it any any other thing you
eat special
[Music]
things okay one last question where you
are fighting how do you breathe breathe
yeah how you breathe do like when you
throw each punch do you breathe out I'm
not
breathing I'm that big do you breathe
with your nose yeah my coach you know
it's long time ago yeah he tell me like
when you do when you boxing when you do
punch you need breathe out I'm breathing
out yeah yeah yeah yeah and it's help I
find this help for the real yeah no okay
but I don't know that but I don't know
that 25 years
ago the guy he I don't even know who was
behind me just there but he was asking
me before cuz sometimes we see you doing
like we the Muslims we know but I think
it's better for you tell everyone
sometimes you do like uh you say
something under your breath okay in the
press conference and this tell us what's
the secret words you are is z
was and I want to say something like
where here is everyone say
alhamdulillah we always say that
alhamdulillah and then I if I can I do
telling you this story I heard I don't
know you can approve or is true or not
true and I see heard about
like if Muslim people um like you know
he get some good news or someone give
him all the world you know if he says
alhamdulillah is better to
him the whole than the whole he get get
it you know amazing mean alhamdulillah
yes alhamdulillah so alhamdulillah for
those who don't know it just means
praise and thanks belongs to Allah so
you're thanking Allah for everything you
have and by the way do you know how they
would translate this into into Christian
language it's hallelujah it's the same
but it's is hallelujah they say once in
a while but this is something we as the
Muslims we would say all the time
alhamdulillah alhamdulillah
alhamdulillah alhamdulillah like praise
and thanks be to Allah so this is what
betv is saying before his fights and
does it help you does it help you get
into a good State of Mind before I
mean I don't say alhamdulillah before
fight I say
the which one you say Subhan Allah
before fight I say Subhan allahham
[Music]
and I think that's a beautiful way to
end
it the secret is uh is out and now I
know what to say
uh in certain in certain fights that I'm
going to be having on the 14th of
December we'll see um thank you very
much for that I appreciate and thank you
to everybody um for that I mean it was
uh a pleasure speaking to all of you
I've gotten tips for myself as well and
uh with that we will conclude I hope you
guys have had a fantastic evening we're
going to give it back to the host
good he's definitely ready for the fight
got a bunch of good Fighters here he
he's swimming with the guys you know if
you if you can keep your head above
water you know in the Spy rounds um
rolling grappling striking um then you
know he's going to do fine I'm sh Austin
um the head MMA coach at fight zone I'm
still a professional fighter and
obviously the head coach of the gym for
uh the MMA program how's your training
going it's going all right I've lost
weight as you can
see 2 1
[Music]
there you go on the 14th of December
there's going to be some fireworks
that's going to take place in the
comentry I'm going to make my
professional MMA debut and I'm going to
take on a very stiff and competent
opponent a
boxer uh I've been training here with
some of the best heavyweights in the
country actually some of the coaches
here like Stuart Austin who's only the
only person's ever beaten Tom
Aspen who's a UFC heavyweight champion I
think someone else might have had like a
DQ in or something um he's got a
fantastic record and now he's a coach
we've got Mario Pinto who's also UFC
heavyweight trading with and also he's
like a coach so he's like a tra training
partner SL coach uh 9 and0 a
professional record undefeated and of
course we've got sha kamani as well
who's a up and come bangi person
heavyweight 4 and0 and he's got fight
coming up as well uh in December so
we've got the team I'm very privileged
to be with people like this and this
much
experience I'm hoping that it's going to
be a fantastic uh day on the 14th
actually so make sure that you book the
pay-per-view tickets cuz you watch this
on pay-per-view 20% 1/5 of the earnings
will go to charity we go to the Lebanese
crisis we know what's going on there and
so we can inallah raise money and be
entertained at the same time